product_contract/README.rst, before:

============================
Recurring - Product Contract
============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:e84d2d24a0eaff0fea23e280cfacb7613083c73a8c9ad66e80536f6ad702de42
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fcontract-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/contract/tree/17.0/product_contract
    :alt: OCA/contract
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/contract-17-0/contract-17-0-product_contract
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/contract&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds support for products to be linked to contract
templates.

A contract is created on ``sale.order`` confirmation for each different
template used in sale order line where recurrence details are set too.

Contract product are ignored on invoicing process and pass to nothing to
invoice directly.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

1. Go to Sales -> Products and select or create a product.
2. Check "Is a contract" and select the contract template related to the
   product
3. Define default recurrence rules

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/contract/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/contract/issues/new?body=module:%20product_contract%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* LasLabs
* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
------------

-  Ted Salmon <tsalmon@laslabs.com>
-  Souheil Bejaoui <souheil.bejaoui@acsone.eu>
-  `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`__:

   -  Ernesto Tejeda
   -  Pedro M. Baeza

-  David Jaen <david.jaen.revert@gmail.com>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-sbejaoui| image:: https://github.com/sbejaoui.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/sbejaoui
    :alt: sbejaoui

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-sbejaoui| 

This module is part of the `OCA/contract <https://github.com/OCA/contract/tree/17.0/product_contract>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] product_contract: Add posibility to compute date_start of line using confirmation date_start
With these changes, we allow the contract line start date to be computed
using the order confirmation date. When the product is configured with
any of the options set in contract_start_date_method other than manual,
the start date will be calculated based on the established date and the
selected period.

Additionally, we can force the month in which we will work in case the
frequency is yearly, quarterly, or semesterly.

Is not added support for daily, weekly or monthlylastday in this commit.

product_contract/README.rst, after:

============================
Recurring - Product Contract
============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:e84d2d24a0eaff0fea23e280cfacb7613083c73a8c9ad66e80536f6ad702de42
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fcontract-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/contract/tree/17.0/product_contract
    :alt: OCA/contract
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/contract-17-0/contract-17-0-product_contract
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/contract&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds support for products to be linked to contract
templates.

A contract is created on ``sale.order`` confirmation for each different
template used in sale order line where recurrence details are set too.

Contract product are ignored on invoicing process and pass to nothing to
invoice directly.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

1. Go to Sales -> Products and select or create a product.
2. Check "Is a contract" and select the contract template related to the
   product
3. Define default recurrence rules

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

-  There's no support right now for computing the start date for the
   following recurrent types: daily, weekly and monthlylastday.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/contract/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/contract/issues/new?body=module:%20product_contract%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* LasLabs
* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
------------

-  Ted Salmon <tsalmon@laslabs.com>
-  Souheil Bejaoui <souheil.bejaoui@acsone.eu>
-  `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`__:

   -  Ernesto Tejeda
   -  Pedro M. Baeza
   -  Carlos Roca

-  David Jaen <david.jaen.revert@gmail.com>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-sbejaoui| image:: https://github.com/sbejaoui.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/sbejaoui
    :alt: sbejaoui

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-sbejaoui| 

This module is part of the `OCA/contract <https://github.com/OCA/contract/tree/17.0/product_contract>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
